Knife, don't be suspicious. How can anyone poison?
Knife, the old man is old after all
My health has been bad
We should all have been mentally prepared.
You are talking nonsense.
Grandpa has always been in good health, how could something suddenly happen?
Oops knife
I know you have a good relationship with grandpa
I can't accept this fact for a while
You are dead and cannot be resurrected
We have to let the old man go in peace
Then you can rest assured.
Why don't you find out?
How did grandpa die?
Old man, calm down
Although the old man left suddenly
But the doctors said it was a natural death
You're all lying.
I will definitely find out who killed grandpa
I can't let my grandfather die more Mubai
Why do you say you are leaving?
Your two grandchildren didn't even have time to see you.
Last Side
And your big knife in one hand.
He came back to see you too, old man
This grandson is unfilial
These years
I don't have a good day to accompany you
Unfilial grandson
If I were Ruoxue
If you can like it, don't worry.
I will definitely take care of everything.